docs: Document the limitation between uib and app directory (#2869)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/version-control-with-git/version-control-with-git.adoc

* xref:applications:import-from-git.adoc[Import applications from Git]
* xref:applications:revert-changes.adoc[Revert changes]
* xref:applications:resolve-merge-conflicts.adoc[Resolve merge conflicts in Git]

[.troubleshooting-title]
== Troubleshooting

[.troubleshooting-section]
--
[.symptom]

> During development phase, from the application directory, I cannot see the living application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development phase, from the Bonita application directory, I cannot open the application made with UI Builder (`Internal server error while processing request` error).
```

[.symptom-description]

> You UI-Builder application is connected to Git repository. This links between the application and bonita application directory is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your UI Builder application is connected to a Git repository. This link between the application and the Bonita application directory is not yet supported.
```

[.solution]#Possible solution#

> During development, you can use the UI-Builder application directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development phase, you can access the UI Builder application from the URL (e.g. `http://localhost:8090/app/your-application-name/…`).
```

Author: ```suggestion
During development phase, you can access the UI Builder application from the default URL (e.g `http://localhost:8090/`)
```

> During development phase, you can access the UI Builder application from the default URL (e.g `http://localhost:8090/`)

Reviewer 2: what about ?
```suggestion
During development phase, you can access the UI Builder application from the UI Builder workspace using the default URL (e.g `http://localhost:8090/`)
```
